Trouble Bubble (Ball Shooting Game)
By Pranavkumar Bodawala and Christian Lo
CCID 1500669 and 1498360

DESC:
	Trouble Bubble is a match-3 bubble shooting game, that is simmilar to the likes of Bust-A-Move:
	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IApIiLoE0ME

	This project utilizes both object inheretance as well as depth-first-search and graph theory 
	when deciding whether or not to pop a cluster of bubbles.

PREREQUISITES:
	This game requires both python3, pip3, as well as pygame.
	To install pygame, simply type in the terminal:
	pip3 install pygame

RULES:
	In this arcade game, the objective is to get as many points as posible within your play session.
	A grid is initialized, consisting of various bubbles of different colours. Shooting a bullet at the
	grid will pop some of these bubbles if the bullet forms a cluster of bubbles with atleast two other bubbles
	of the same color. A point for each bubble popped will be awarded.

	Additionally, bubbles can be popped if there are no bubbles holding them to the ceiling (ie. floating bubbles
	will pop themselves).

	The grid will fall down by a row after a set amount of shots (6 by default), and the player will lose if any
	bubbles cross the gameover threshold (the red rectangle).

	The color of the bubble at the base of the cannon is the color about to be fired. The bubbles to the side
	indicate the colours of the next shots that is to be fired.

CONTROLS:
	The controls for the main game loop revolve around moving the mouse to postion the bubble cannon.
	Left clicking will fire the cannon. If the game is over, press R to reset the game. Press CTRL+C or
	the window exit button to quit.

	In addition, a cheat system is implemented as a strech goal for the players enjoyment.
	These cheats, while fun, effectively make the game much easier than intended and may cause unintended game behaviour.
	As a result, the cheat system should be used at the discretion of the player. 

	To enter a cheat, simply type the string correlating to the cheat, and a response in the terminal
	will only show up if every letter has been typed correctly.

CHEATS:
	god			- Makes all bubbles in the grid the same color as the bullet to be fired
	explosion	- Makes current bullet black. This black ball will act as a wild card, and will pop all clusters
				around it, regaurdless of color. If the bomb does not make a cluster of three, however, it will
				become inert, and will not be able to be destroyed unless the bubble is "falling". This is
				intended to provide a risk/reward scenario.